[+] add pgAdmin4 to `docker-compose.yml` (#432)
cybertec-postgresql/pgwatch3: README.md

pgwatch3-pgbench-1 exited with code 0
</pre>

## Inspect database

> **Warning:** pgadmin uses port 80. If you want it to use another port, change it in `docker-compose.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
pgAdmin uses port 80. If you want it to use another port, change it in `docker-compose.yml` file.
```

> To look what is inside postgres database, you can spin up pgadmin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look what is inside `pgwatch3` database, you can spin up pgAdmin4:
```
